Reorganized the documents structure (#405)
megaease/easegress: doc/README.md

# Easegress Documentation

- [Easegress Documentation](#easegress-documentation)
	- [1. Cookbook / How-To Guide](#1-cookbook--how-to-guide)
	- [2. Development Guide](#2-development-guide)
	- [3. Performance](#3-performance)
	- [4. Reference Guide](#4-reference-guide)
		- [4.1 Controllers](#41-controllers)
			- [4.1.1 System Controllers](#411-system-controllers)
			- [4.1.2 Business Controllers](#412-business-controllers)
		- [4.2 Filters](#42-filters)

## 1. Cookbook / How-To Guide

> This is a cook book lists a number of useful and practical examples to use the Easegress for different scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a cookbook that lists a number of useful and practical examples how to use the Easegress for different scenarios.
```

> ## 1. Cookbook / How-To Guide
> This is a cookbook that lists a number of useful and practical examples how to use the Easegress for different scenarios.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 1. Cookbook / How-To Guide

This is a cookbook that lists a number of useful and practical examples on how to use Easegress for different scenarios.
```

- [Kubernetes Ingress Controller](./cookbook/k8s-ingress-controller.md) - How to integrated with Kubernetes as ingress controller
- [LoadBalancer](./cookbook/load-balancer.md) - A number of strategy of load balancing
- [MQTTProxy](./cookbook/mqtt-proxy.md) - An Example to MQTT proxy with Kafka backend.
- [Performance](./cookbook/performance.md) - Performance optimization - compression, caching etc.
- [Pipeline](./cookbook/pipeline.md) - How to orchestrate HTTP filters for requests/responses handling
- [Resilience and Fault Tolerance](./cookbook/resilience.md) - Circuit Breaker, Rate Limiter, Retryer, Time limiter, etc. (Porting from [Java resilience4j](https://github.com/resilience4j/resilience4j))
- [Security](./cookbook/security.md) - How to do authentication by Header, JWT, HMAC, OAuth2, etc.
- [Service Proxy](./cookbook/service-proxy.md) - Supporting the Microservice  registries - Zookeeper, Eureka, Consul, Nacos, etc.
- [WebAssembly](./cookbook/wasm.md) - Using AssemblyScript to extend the Easegress
- [WebSocket](./cookbook/websocket.md) - WebSocket proxy for Easegress
- [Workflow](./cookbook/workflow.md) - An Example to make a workflow for a number of APIs.

> 
> 
> ## 2. Development Guide
> 
> - [Easegress Roadmap](./Roadmap.md) - The development roadmap of Easegress.
> - [Developer Guide](./developer-guide.md) - A guide help to develop the Easegress.
> 
> ## 3. Performance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 2. Development Guide

- [Easegress Roadmap](./Roadmap.md) - The development roadmap of Easegress.
- [Developer Guide](./developer-guide.md) - A guide help to develop the Easegress.

## 3. Performance

```

- [Benchmark](./reference/benchmark.md) - Performance Test Report.
- [Linux Kernel Tuning](./reference/kernel-tuning.md) - Tuning the Linux Kernel to make the Easegress run faster.

## 4. Reference Guide

### 4.1 Controllers

The Easegress controller is the core entity to control kinds of working. There are two kinds of controllers - system and business. 

> The full document please check - [Controller Reference](./reference/controllers.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the full document, please check - [Controller Reference](./reference/controllers.md)
```

#### 4.1.1 System Controllers

> The following controllers are system level controllers,  they are created one and only one instance in every Easegress node, which can't be deleted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following controllers are system level controllers.  One and only one instance of them are created in every Easegress node and they can't be deleted. 
```

- [IngressController](./reference/controllers.md#ingresscontroller) - an implementation of Kubernetes ingress controller, it watches Kubernetes Ingress, Service, Endpoints, and Secrets then translates them to Easegress HTTP server and pipelines. 
- [MeshController](./reference/controllers.md#meshcontroller) - This is for [EaseMesh](https://github.com/megaease/easemesh) project.
- [ConsulServiceRegistry](./reference/controllers.md#consulserviceregistry) - supports service discovery for Consul as backend. 
- [EtcdServiceRegistry](./reference/controllers.md#etcdserviceregistry) - support service discovery for Etcd as backend. 
- [EurekaServiceRegistry](./reference/controllers.md#eurekaserviceregistry) - supports service discovery for Eureka as backend. 
- [ZookeeperServiceRegistry](./reference/controllers.md#zookeeperserviceregistry) -  supports service discovery for Zookeeper as backend. 
- [NacosServiceRegistry](./reference/controllers.md#nacosserviceregistry) - supports service discovery for Nacos as backend.
- [AutoCertManager](./reference/controllers.md#autocertmanager) - automatically manage HTTPS certificates. 

> 
> ### 4.2 Filters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 4.2 Filters

```
